[next-release] Merge github.io into next-release-github.io-transition (#127)
ARM-software/acle: README.md

# Arm C Language Extensions

> The specifications in this document are presented via this website in
> an experimental format. Please refer to the [Official
> Release](https://github.com/ARM-software/acle/releases/latest) for
> production quality documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Arm C Language Extensions

> This repository contains the source material form which the
> specifications for the Arm C Language Extensions (ACLE) is derived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the source material from which the
specifications for the Arm C Language Extensions (ACLE) are derived.
```
